Update October-2020 (#30)
lsmo-epfl/discover-curated-cofs: README.md

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/materialscloud-org/structure-property-visualizer.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/materialscloud-org/structure-property-visualizer)

# Discover CURATED-COFs

> App for generating the interactive page of https://www.materialscloud.org/discover/curated-cofs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
App showcasing screening of the CURATED-COFs, live at https://www.materialscloud.org/discover/curated-cofs.
```

> Built from the [Structure-Property-Visualizer]https://github.com/materialscloud-org/structure-property-visualizer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on the [Structure-Property-Visualizer]https://github.com/materialscloud-org/structure-property-visualizer).
```
